0738512362|9780738512365|In the 1860s, Broad Street formed the western edge of downtown Philadelphia and was little more than railroad tracks and train depots. However, with the building of Philadelphia City Hall in the 1870s, Broad Street rapidly developed into one of the city's premier streets. Rows of mansions sprung up south of Spruce Street, and the area north of Spruce became known as "hotel row." Four-story brownstones lined both sides of North Broad Street, interspersed with the mansions and gardens of the nouveau riche and punctuated by clubs, theaters, schools, churches, and synagogues. Philadelphia's Broad Street: South and North is the first photographic history devoted exclusively to Broad Street in its "gilded age." These vintage images provide a vivid reminder, if one is needed, of how dramatically the street has changed in the last one hundred years.
0738510173|9780738510170|The cradle of Jewish life in Philadelphia began with the establishment of the first synagogue, Mikveh Israel, in 1740. With the influx of many German Jews in the 1840s, the community expanded above Spring Garden Street into the Northern Liberties neighborhood. Urban settlement of Philadelphia's Jewish population during the last quarter of the nineteenth century shifted to North Broad Street when the economy improved for the city's residents after the Civil War. North Broad Street soon boasted two elegantly designed synagogues and the newly relocated Jewish Hospital from West Philadelphia.The Jewish Community around North Broad Street weaves the tale of the Jewish community in this part of Philadelphia through a collection of rare and stunning images. The construction of the North Broad Street subway in the 1920s and the row house Jewish community known as Logan are parts of this story. The development of business districts led to a more cohesive north and northwest Jewish community that allowed for satellite Jewish enclaves to flourish, complete with their own synagogues, bakeries, kosher meat markets, and hundreds of other shops that served the general population. In the 1950s, new neighborhoods, such as Mount Airy and West Oak Lane, alleviated an acute housing shortage at a time when 110,000 Jews lived in north-central and northwest Philadelphia.
0792306848|9780792306849|BACKGROUND: DEPARTMENTS, SPECIALIZATION, AND PROFESSIONALIZATION IN AMERICAN HIGHER EDUCATION For over half of its history, U.S. higher education turned out mostly cler gymen and lawyers. Looking back on that period, we might be tempted to think that this meant specialized training for the ministry or the practice of law. That, however, was not the case. What a college education in the U.S. prepared young men (almost exclusively) for, from the founding of Harvard College in 1636 through the founding of hundreds of denominational colleges in the first two-thirds of the nineteenth century, was leadership in the community. Professionalization and specialization only began to take root, and then became the dominant mode in U.S. higher education, in the period roughly from 1860--1920. In subsequent decades, that seemed to many critics to signal the end of what might be called "education in wisdom," the preparation of leaders for a broad range of responsibilities. Professionalization, specialization, and departmentalization of higher education in the U.S. began in the last quarter of the nineteenth century.
9781416546214|1416546219|Wedged between the hustle of New York and the grandeur of Washington, D.C., Philadelphia is America's smallest big city, America's biggest small city, and America's most American city. It is also a city in flux. Bruce Buschel is a native Philadelphian who revisits his hometown and, in doing so, revisits his personal history and the city's complex identity. Buschel was born on Broad Street, his father died on Broad Street; he flunked out of college, sold cameras, and purchased drugs on Broad Street; he wrote for a newspaper on Broad Street, touched JFK's left hand on Broad Street, and met his second wife when she worked on Broad Street. On his thirteen-mile walk down the boulevard, Buschel talks to everyone from the old Italian tailor down the corner from the Chinese Mennonite pastor to the Jewish funeral home director across the street from Bilal, the Muslim restaurateur. On Broad Street, he finds livestock just a few steps from Joe Frazier's gym. The newly dubbed "Gayborhood" is just a stone's throw from the home of the heartbreaking Eagles. A world-class ballet rehearses at the Rock School while outcast rockers practice at the Paul Green School. The gas station attendant on Broad Street may be a recent immigrant, but he has already adopted the brusque manners and terse responses of a fourth-generation Philadelphian. Naturally, William Penn oversees the whole insecure, glorious mess from his perch atop City Hall. After 9/11, Americans were drawn to Philly's authenticity and history. After decades of decay, something positive is happening, and dyspeptic Philadelphians are trying to adjust. A lot has changed since Buschel grew up there, but he hasn't managed to shake the attitudes instilled in childhood -- mere mention of the '64 Phillies (and one of the greatest collapses in baseball history) still stings. He has retained his irreverent sense of humor, his distrust of authority, his ambivalence about New York, his disdain for New Jersey, and, above all, his sense of loyalty -- if not outright love -- for his native city.
925104855X|9789251048559|Temperate broadleaved trees grow in very different ecosystems in the northern and southern hemispheres, but are also found extensively in many tropical and subtropical mountain areas. A wide range of non-wood products are derived from temperate broadleaved trees, and their description is organized in this volume according to the part of the tree from which they are obtained (whole tree, foliage, flowers, etc.). This information is presented in order to raise awareness on, and assist in identifying, opportunities for the management and production of non-wood products from temperate broadleaved trees. The intended audience of this publication ranges from interest groups in the forest, agriculture and rural development sectors to conservation agencies in developed and developing countries.
0738557544|9780738557540|Chartered in 1856, the East Broad Top Railroad began operating in 1873 through scenic Huntingdon County in south-central Pennsylvania. This well-managed narrow-gauge railroad connected the isolated Broad Top Mountain coal field with the Pennsylvania Railroad at Mount Union. With a decline in the hauling of coal, service ended in 1956. Nick Kovalchick, president of the Kovalchick Salvage Company of Indiana, Pennsylvania, purchased the railroad and reopened a portion of it as a tourist line in 1960. Through vintage photographs, East Broad Top Railroad showcases the steam locomotives, rolling stock, and railroad yard at Rockhill Furnace, which is the most historic railroad yard in North America.
0739106112|9780739106112|The Broad Church: A Biography of a Movement is an account of the origins and directions of the Broad Church liberal movement of the 19th century. Author Tod Jones provides readers with a unique approach to the movement, illuminating the complex web of friendships and mutual influences that made it such a social and cultural power in Victorian England, as well as providing a comparative analysis of its principal thinkers.
0738555223|9780738555225|Broad Channel is considered a small town in the big city. From its houses perched on stilts over the waters of Jamaica Bay to pairs of mute swans swimming across the waters of a popular beach of yesteryear, it is hard to believe Broad Channel lies within the boundaries of New York City. The only inhabited island in Jamaica Bay, it arose from the area known as Big Egg Marsh on navigational charts. It began as a fishermen's haven and grew into a summer vacation playground with fine hotels. During Prohibition, with bootleg liquor easily smuggled by boat, the isolated island became known as a rumrunner's paradise and became home to several speakeasies. Through vintage images, Broad Channel explores the area's boardwalks and unpaved roads to celebrate the community's rich history.
9781473520691|147352069X|A compelling speculative mystery by one of Japan's greatest writers. Hat, ribbon, bird, rose. To the people on the island, a disappeared thing no longer has any meaning. It can be burned in the garden, thrown in the river or handed over to the Memory Police. Soon enough, the island forgets it ever existed. When a young novelist discovers that her editor is in danger of being taken away by the Memory Police, she desperately wants to save him. For some reason, he doesn’t forget, and it’s becoming increasingly difficult for him to hide his memories. Who knows what will vanish next? The Memory Police is a beautiful, haunting and provocative fable about the power of memory and the trauma of loss, from one of Japan’s greatest writers. 'One of Japan’s most acclaimed authors explores truth, state surveillance and individual autonomy. Echoes 1984, Fahrenheit 451, and 100 Years of Solitude, but it has a voice and power all its own.' Time Magazine
9780199283392|0199283397|This fourth edition of Robert Reiner's popular and highly-acclaimed text contains substantial revisions, to take into account the recent and profound changes in the law, policy and organisation of policing.
0520067460|9780520067462|"With the appearance of D.A. Miller's remarkable book, the Victorian novel has its most dazzling critic in years. . . . Miller's subject is not so much the police in fiction as fiction and policing, narrative as a conservative function of the polis. Tracking diverse strategies of surveillance and incarceration into the confines of the fictional institution itself, Miller investigates Victorian novels as the often unconscious agent of a disciplinary culture. He thus reads fiction reading us, keeping a public in its private place. His mastery of an intricate, layered, and sinuous argument is stunning, the writing no less than superb. For all the book's overarching debt to Foucault, D.A. Miller 'do the police' in a voice all his own."—Garrett Stewart, author of Death Sentences: Styles of Dying in British Fiction
085115283X|9780851152837|A penetrating study of the origins of Britain's secret police' -the London Metropolitan Special Branch.
9781407157771|1407157779|Dinoville Police Station was having a perfectly quiet morning - until the phone rang... "Red alert!" hollered Sergeant Stig O'Saurus. "There's a rampaging T-Rex at the pizza factory!" The dino police try to arrest Trevor T-Rex but cheeky Trevor manages to escape... A fabulous new picture book by the fantastically talented Sarah McIntyre!
9780571302185|0571302181|'Undercover lays bare the deceit, betrayal and cold-blooded violation practised again and again by undercover police officers - troubling, timely and brilliantly executed.' Henry Porter The gripping stories of a group of police spies - written by the award-winning investigative journalists who exposed the Mark Kennedy scandal - and the uncovering of forty years of state espionage. This was an undercover operation so secret that some of our most senior police officers had no idea it existed. The job of the clandestine unit was to monitor British 'subversives' - environmental activists, anti-racist groups, animal rights campaigners. Police stole the identities of dead people to create fake passports, driving licences and bank accounts. They then went deep undercover for years, inventing whole new lives so that they could live incognito among the people they were spying on. They used sex, intimate relationships and drugs to build their credibility. They betrayed friends, deceived lovers, even fathered children. And their operations continue today. Undercover reveals the truth about secret police operations - the emotional turmoil, the psychological challenges and the human cost of a lifetime of deception - and asks whether such tactics can ever be justified.
9780199560905|0199560900|This text offers an ethnographical investigation of contemporary police culture based on field work across a range of ranks and units in the UK's police force. Through direct observation of operational policing, the author assesses the impact of three decades of social, economic and political change on police culture.
1526749432|9781526749437|Come on a journey with veteran firearms officer, Stephen Smith as he goes behind the scenes of the Met's Specialist Firearms Unit, CO19. This book covers events from the controversial shooting of Azelle Rodney in 2005 and Mark Duggan in 2011, right up to the outrageous terrorists attacks on Westminster, London Bridge and Borough Market. Stephen Smith, through his unique access to CO19, has managed to put together hundreds of detailed photographs along with text that goes a long way to explain why it is necessary to have such an elite firearms unit on standby 24/7 in London. This comprehensive volume will bring you right up-to date with the training, operations, equipment and mind-set of these courageous individuals who put their lives on the line on a daily basis to keep the capital safe. _London's Armed Police Today_ is a must have for anyone with an interest in modern policing or police firearms matters.
9780814796733|0814796737|Alexander II's Great Reforms of the early 1860s unleashed hopes among Russians for a True civil society that would enjoy the benefits of increased political freedom and exclusion from want. Instead, after the attempt on the Tsar's life by D. V. Karakozov in 1866, Russian political life became trapped within a vicious circle of political reaction, growing disillusionment with the government and intensifying political dissent that increasingly manifested itself in acts of terrorism against Tsarist officials. The creation of the Department of State Police in 1880, to combat all forms of political subversion, served as a declaration of war by the Russian government, not only against Russia's terrorists, but also against enlightened society as a whole. The secret police acted as the vanguard of the forces of order in this internal war, its tentacles penetrating every corner of Russian life. Zuckerman's book is the first to place the entire history of the so-called "Okhrana" within the context of the political and social history of late imperial Russia. Indeed, Zuckerman shows that, ironically, the secret police were themselves victims of the political culture they strove to preserve.
9781576075999|1576075990|With just the right dose of academic pragmatism, Police Misconduct in America assesses the history of police excesses from 1900 to the present. * Provides a timeline of the origin of the police in different societies from the ancient era to the present, including important events such as the advent of training programs, historical acts, and critical incidents, and also discusses how police misconduct is defined * Includes biographical sketches of key figures in the history of police conduct, from Sir Robert Peel, J. Edgar Hoover, and Daryl Gates to Alice Stebbins Wells, the first sworn policewoman in the United States
9781119037316|111903731X|Customer Loyalty Isn't Enough—Grow Your Share of Wallet The Wallet Allocation Rule is a revolutionary, definitive guide for winning the battle for share of customers' hearts, minds, and wallets. Backed by rock-solid science published in the Harvard Business Review and MIT Sloan Management Review, this landmark book introduces a new and rigorously tested approach—the Wallet Allocation Rule—that is proven to link to the most important measure of customer loyalty: share of wallet. Companies currently spend billions of dollars each year measuring and managing metrics like customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Score (NPS) to improve customer loyalty. These metrics, however, have almost no correlation to share of wallet. As a result, the return on investments designed to improve the customer experience are frequently near zero, even negative. With The Wallet Allocation Rule, managers finally have the missing link to business growth within their grasp—the ability to link their existing metrics to the share of spending that customers allocate to their brands. Learn why improving satisfaction (or NPS) does not improve share. Apply the Wallet Allocation Rule to discover what really drives customer spending. Uncover new metrics that really matter to achieve growth. By applying the Wallet Allocation Rule, managers get real insight into the money they currently get from their customers, the money available to be earned by them, and what it takes to get it. The Wallet Allocation Rule provides managers with a blueprint for sustainable long-term growth.
1449485294|9781449485290|Play the memory game . . . Learn how to read your palm . . . Draw a selfie . . . This handy, on-the-go book of fun activities will have you thinking and creating instead of idly typing, texting, and browsing on your smartphone. Our phones have become a constant distraction; it's time we put them down and rediscovered the simple art of taking a few minutes out. This book offers an imaginative list of games and tips aimed at curing us of our portable tech addiction. More than mere time-killers, these activities include ways to unleash your creative side and train your brain, but above all methods to set you on the road to calm.
9780415367431|0415367433|Providing the first comprehensive, accessible, and international introduction to cell phone culture and theory, this book is and clear and sophisticated overview of mobile telecommunications, putting the technology in historical and technical context. Interdisciplinary in its conceptual framework, Cell Phone Culture draws on a wide range of national, regional, and international examples, to carefully explore the new forms of consumption and use of communication and media technology that the phenomenon of mobiles represents. This fascinating biography of an important cultural object: adopts an integrated multiperspective approach considers the mobile phone and its history, production, design, consumption and representation examines the implications in contemporary media convergence such as digital photography an mobile internet. Also reflecting on the challenges and provocations of mobile phone technology and use, this is an absolute must read for any student of media studies, cultural studies or technology.
1587050609|9781587050602|Create applications that deliver interactive content to Cisco IP Phones Learn information and techniques vital to building and integrating third-party services for Cisco IP Phones Understand the development process using XML and HTTP client and server applications to successfully build a service Discover advanced services information about objects, advanced runtime generation, and other XML development tools Utilize the provided CallManager Simulator to support an IP phone for development purposes Get the most out of your IP phone systems with strategies and solutions direct from the Cisco team Services on Cisco IP Phones help you enhance productivity, gain the competitive advantage, and even help generate revenue. Services are simply applications that run on the phone rather than on a PC or a web browser. By developing services tailored to your particular needs, you can achieve unlimited goals. Cisco AVVID IP Telephony provides an end-to-end voice-over-IP solution for enterprises. Part of that solution are Cisco IP Phones, a family of IP-based phones. Cisco IP Phones feature a large display, an XML micro browser capable of retrieving content from web servers, and the ability to deploy custom services tailored to your organization's or enterprise's needs. Developing Cisco IP Phone Servicesuses detailed code samples to explain the tools and processes used to develop custom phone services. You'll learn about XML, CallManager, Cisco IP Phones, and the history behind why Cisco chose XML to deploy phone services. You'll find detailed information to help you learn how to build a service, how to build a directory, and how to integrate your service with Cisco CallManager. This book complements and expands on the information provided in the Cisco IP Phone Services Software Developer's Kit (SDK). With the information in this book, you can maximize your productivity using the tools provided in the SDK and the custom tools provided on the companion CD-ROM. Beginner and advanced service developers alike benefit from the information in this book.Developing Cisco IP Phone Servicesrepresents the most comprehensive resource available for developing services for Cisco IP Phones. Companion CD-ROM The CD-ROM contains the sample services that are covered in the book, development utilities from the Cisco IP Phone Services SDK, and new tools written specifically for this book such as XML Validator. One of the most useful applications on the CD-ROM is the CallManager Simulator (CM-Sim). CM-Sim significantly lowers the requirements for service development. You only need a Windows-based PC with CM-Sim and a web server running, and one Cisco IP Phone 7940 or 7960. This book is part of the Cisco Press Networking Technologies Series, which offers networking professionals valuable information for constructing efficient networks, understanding new technologies, and building successful careers.
9780674074248|0674074246|Over just a decade in India, the mobile phone was transformed from a rare, unwieldy instrument to a palm-sized staple that even poor fisherman can afford. Assa Doron and Robin Jeffrey investigate the social revolution ignited by what may be the most significant communications device in history and explore the whole ecosystem of cheap mobile phones.
9781409176275|1409176274|Is your phone the first thing you reach for when you wake up? And the last thing you see before you sleep? Do you find the hours slip away as you idly scroll through your social media timeline? In short, are you addicted to your phone? If so, How to Break Up with Your Phone is here to help. How to Break Up With Your Phone is a smart, practical and useful plan to help you conquer your mobile phone addiction in just 30 days - and take back your life in the process. Recent studies have shown that spending extended time on our phones affects our ability to form new memories, think deeply, focus and absorb information, and the hormones triggered every time we hear our phones buzz both add to our stress levels and are the hallmark signs of addiction. In How to Break Up with Your Phone, award-winning science journalist Catherine Price explores the effects that our constant connectivity is having on our brains, bodies, relationships, and society at large and asks, how much time do you really want to spend on your phone? Over the course of 30 days, Catherine will guide you through an easy-to-follow plan that enables you to identify your goals, priorities and bad habits, tidy your apps, prune your email, and take time away. Lastly, you will create a new, healthier relationship with your phone and establish habits and routines to ensure this new relationship sticks. You don't have to give up your phone forever; instead you will be more mindful not only of how you use your phone, but also about how you choose to spend the precious moments of your life.
9780134132945|0134132947|If you own or are considering a new Android smartphone, My Android Phone is your must-have companion. Full-color, step-by-step tasks walk you through getting and keeping your Android 5 (Lollipop) phone working just the way you want. Learn how to: • Master Android 5’s new tools, improved interface, and best shortcuts • Quickly set up your phone, Google account, and Wi-Fi connection • Play and organize all your media: music, photos, YouTube videos, movie rentals, eBooks, and more • Efficiently manage your life: contacts, events, and more • Connect securely via VPNs • Link to nearby Android devices via Wi-Fi Direct • Use one app to manage all your email accounts, not just Gmail • Discover today’s fastest Chrome web browser shortcuts • Bookmark and share the sites you visit • Browse the web “incognito,” without leaving evidence on your phone • Use Google Maps and Google Now to find any destination • Discover great new apps and games in the Google Play Store--even great freebies • Create amazing images with Panorama and Photo Spheres • Customize everything from ringtones to wallpaper and widgets • Use Google Wallet to pay for items and send or receive money • Optimize battery life and uncover apps that are draining power • Control data usage to avoid costly overages • Use your phone with a new Android Wear smartwatch
9781598291766|1598291769|As the growing demand for mobile communications is constantly increasing, the need for better coverage, improved capacity, and higher transmission quality rises. Thus, a more efficient use of the radio spectrum is required. Smart antenna systems are capable of efficiently utilizing the radio spectrum and is a promise for an effective solution to the present wireless systems problems while achieving reliable and robust high-speed high-data-rate transmission. The purpose of this book is to provide the reader a broad view of the system aspects of smart antennas. In fact, smart antenna systems comprise several critical areas such as individual antenna array design, signal processing algorithms, space-time processing, wireless channel modeling and coding, and network performance. In this book we include an overview of smart antenna concepts, introduce some of the areas that impact smart antennas, and examine the influence of interaction and integration of these areas to Mobile Ad-Hoc Networks. In addition, the general principles and major benefits of using space-time processing are introduced, especially employing multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) techniques."
0130937304|9780130937308|This book provides readers with an overview to the design of multiapplication smart card environments including the selection of a platform, the creation of applications and the logistics of initial deployment.
9812705317|9789812705310|This book is a general introduction to intelligent or smart materials, systems and machines. Presented in understandable and non-mathematical terms, it is for anyone who is interested in future developments in these fields or who needs to be briefed on the current status of these interdisciplinary technologies. The intended audience comprises physicists, engineers, materials scientists and computer scientists of all levels, from undergraduates to post-doctoral practitioners. Contents: The Smart Approach OCo An Introduction to Smart Technologies; Sensing Systems for Smart Structures; Vibration Control Using Smart Structures; Data Fusion OCo The Role of Signal Processing for Smart Structures and Systems; Shape Memory Alloys OCo A Smart Technology?; Piezoelectric Materials; Magnetostriction; Smart Fluid Machines; Smart Biomaterials OCo OC Out-SmartingOCO the Body''s Defence Systems and Other Advances in Materials for Medicine; Natural Engineering OCo The Smart Synergy. Readership: Undergraduates and researchers in materials science and engineering, electrical & electronic engineering, systems engineering and aerospace engineering."
1420043730|9781420043730|Explores State-of-the-Art Work from the World’s Foremost Scientists, Engineers, Educators, and Practitioners in the Field Why use smart materials? Since most smart materials do not add mass, engineers can endow structures with built-in responses to a myriad of contingencies. In their various forms, these materials can adapt to their environments by changing characteristics and can provide information about structural and environmental changes. A single source on numerous aspects of intelligent materials Smart Materials focuses on many types of novel materials, including ceramics, hybrid composites, shape memory alloys, chitosan-based gels, adhesives, oxides, polymers, flip-chip technology, magnetorheological fluids, electrorheological materials, nanotubes, and sensors. It highlights the interdisciplinary nature of these materials by showing how they can be used in scores of areas, such as drug delivery systems, health monitoring, fiber optics, nanoscale engineering, vibration control, and molecular imprinting. Gain insight from leading experts who specialize in smart materials technology With over fifty years of experience working and teaching in this field, the editor has compiled numerous insightful contributions from an extensive group of leading experts. In this volume, they share their expertise and explore the innovative progress that has occurred in smart material products, components, systems, and structures.
9064504903|9789064504907|None
0203496779|9780203496770|The use of smart antennas to increase mobile communications channels has re-ignited research and development in the field. Practicing engineers are eager to discover more about this subject, and need a comprehensive book that can provide a learning platform and prevent the loss of time spent on searches through journal literature. Smart Antennas examines nearly all aspects of array signal processing and presents them in a logical manner. It delivers a detailed treatment of antenna array processing schemes, adaptive algorithms to adjust weighting, direction of arrival (DOA) estimation methods, diversity-combining methods that combat fading and reduce errors. The book introduces the various processor structures suitable for the narrowband field, examining the behavior of both element space and beamspace processors. It then explores adaptive processing, focusing on the simple matrix inversion algorithm, constrained least mean squares (LMS), the neural network approach, and more. The text also describes smart antennas that are suitable for broadband signals, and presents analyses and techniques suitable for correlated fields in narrowband and broadband signals. This volume supplements its content with extensive references, enabling you to further investigate smart antenna array schemes and application.
0387721983|9780387721989|Providing a broad overview of the many card systems and solutions in practical use today, this state-of-the art work is written by contributing authors who are active researchers and acknowledged experts in their field. A single book cannot be found to match both the breadth and depth of content. The book combines a cross-discipline overview of smart cards, tokens and related security and applications plus a technical reference to support further research and study. A step-by-step approach educates the reader and by the end of the book the reader should be able to play an educated role in a smart card related project.
0412370107|9780412370106|This book provides a comprehensive introduction to the embryonic field of smart materials and structures, and also presents a state-of-the-art review of the sub-disciplines of the field. It informs readers of the technical challenges to the commercialisation of products incorporating these material technologies.
9783540359944|354035994X|The area of smart homes is fast developing as an emergent area which attracts the synergy of several areas of science. This volume offers a collection of contributions addressing how artificial intelligence (AI), one of the core areas of computer science, can bring the growing area of smart homes to a higher level of functionality where homes can truly realize the long standing dream of proactively helping their inhabitants in an intelligent way. After an introductory section to describe a smart home scenario and to provide some basic terminology, the following 9 sections turn special attention to a particular exemplar application scenario (provision of healthcare and safety related services to increase the quality of life) exploring the application of specific areas of AI to this scenario.
1586035312|9781586035310|Nowadays networks, microprocessors, memory chips, smart sensors and actuators are faster, cheaper and smaller than ever. They are becoming available anywhere, anytime. Current advances in such enabling technologies let foresee novel applications and services for improving the life of elderly and disabled people in their home and outside. The conference proceedings present the latest approaches and technical solutions in the area of smart home, health telematics, and enabling technologies. Chapter 1 delves into the user perspective to ascertain real needs and design truly useful services. Then Chapter 2 explores the enabling technology. Distributed sensors, smart devices and networks appear as the nuts and bolts compulsory to build up smart homes. Next Chapter 3 looks at the realization of smart homes. Pervasive computing is emerging as one of the key approaches to organize computations within smart homes. Chapter 4 addresses to use smart home features to design and deliver smart care services to persons with disabilities and elderly people. Finally Chapter 5 outlines standardization efforts and practical and industrial experiences. ICOST aims at creating an active research community dedicated to explore how smart homes in particular and health telematics in general can foster independent living and an enhanced life style for elderly and disabled people. On the one hand, smart homes are augmented environments with embedded computers, information appliances and multi-modal sensors allowing people to perform tasks efficiently by offering unprecedented levels of access to information and assistance from computer. On the other hand, health telematics makes the most of networks and telecommunications to propose health services, expertise and information at distance.
